hey hey check it out yeah for my dessert
I have chosen to make a traditional
English trifle wow that sounds great and
what are you making Monica you know in
case Rachel's dessert is so good that I
eat all of it there's none left ready by
Ella nothing nothing no idiot I trust
you so if I mess this up there's nothing
else for dessert you're not gonna mess
it up well Monica I love that you really
have faith in me thank you
technical question how do you know when
the butter is done well it's done about
two minutes before it looks like that
hey hey Oh food smells great huh and the
place looks so nice and hey Happy
Thanksgiving
[Music]
well this has been great see ya where
are you going oh oh we did say we'd stop
by this little thing Joey's roommate is
having Oh Janine the really hot dancer
girl
some would say she's attractive yes who
else is going to be there
dad is some of her friends her dancer
friends yes right Oliver hot dancer
friends are gonna be the enemy we
drinking and dancing and we really wanna
go food we were good you're not gonna go
anywhere you said you're gonna eat here
and you're gonna eat here yeah and
leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is
not very Thanksgiving II but but it is
it's just like the first Thanksgiving
when the Indians and the pilgrims are
sat down to dinner yeah yeah and then
Indians taught the pilgrims what it
meant to be hot in the New World
look look who it is it's Chandler is it
goes low janitor mr. and mrs. Geller you
look wonderful it is great to have you
here let us take off your coats well huh
but snowing out there No
mónica all this food looks wonderful you
should think about doing this for a
living
haha okay I have dandruff there's no
need to laugh and point Chandler was
just laughing at your joke my joke
wasn't funny
Rach you're killing us here will you
serve the dessert already does drunken
dancers are waiting look at it isn't it
beautiful yeah yeah what is it it's a
trifle it's got all of these layers
first there's a layer of ladyfingers
then a layer of jam then custard which I
made from scratch then raspberries more
ladyfingers then beef sauteed with peas
and onions and then bananas and then I
just put some whipped cream on top
well what was the one right before
bananas the beef yeah that was weird to
me too but then you know I thought well
there's minced meat pie I mean that's an
English dessert these people just put
very strange things in their food oh by
the way can I borrow some rum from your
place yeah sure okay and while I'm gone
don't you boys sneak a taste
joy God your apartment it's like a
hundred degrees didn't make you want to
walk around on your underwear no still
not hot enough you hurry up
did you not hear me before when I told
you that all of Janine's friends are
dancers and they're gonna be drinking a
lot no I did but tell me again cuz it's
so romantic you've been so slow can't
you do it any faster wait come on I
don't want to make any mistakes alright
this is the only dessert and if I screw
it up everybody's gonna be like Oh
remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel's
screwed up the trifle so why don't you
just let me worry about making the
trifle and you just worry about eating
it all right oh I am